Add link to examples repo on JWT and SAML authentication (#14890)
metabase/metabase: docs/enterprise-guide/authenticating-with-jwt.md

![Password disable](images/password-disable.png)

> ### Examples
> 
> You can find examples about JWT Authentication in the [SSO examples repository](https://github.com/metabase/sso-examples)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example code using JWT

You can find example code that uses JWT authentication in the [SSO examples repository](https://github.com/metabase/sso-examples).
```
